my name is Bruce Martin and you're at
skatopia and you're in the Museum of
skateboard history and we're just going
to have a little walk around the air
show you some of the history of
skateboarding from the early 60s and
beyond this is Willy evolution
skateboarding really started to happen
the mid 70s and just people got really
intricate with it and weight went to
what we know now that's what the museum
is here to do to show people where it
came from and hopefully where it's going
and now there's opportunities for people
to use skateboarding to better their
lives and we hope we can help inspire
some of that a three-piece toy before
Christmas skatopia is most famous for
its indoor wooden ball 13 foot deep
inside of a barn it was the first
structure built here now it's one of
three indoor structures this is also
where most of the bands the three
hundred bands of the plate here I played
in this area Russians went down right
here hell yeah we're going to step
outside the skatopia is outdoor
structures this is about a 5,000 square
foot vert ramp mini ramp combination
extremely fun it's pretty massive you
can see constantly trying to improve the
skate facilities here and make a better
and better skate environment that's our
goal we built this building in this pool
in the bag two thousand three people
wanting a backyard style pool
one point in putting a screen print shop
in here will be hosting some mtv parties
who knows we're going to be having some
fun for sure it's never anything the
possibilities here we can do whatever we
want this is the latest project get
skeet opiate right here my friend Tim
Clark left this beautiful purple bus
here the Phoenix and it's out here for a
long time and people been camping in it
and we decided hell it's time we did
something with this bus so we decided to
make it into an art piece you know in
the past there were Picasso's and da
Vinci's and Michelangelo's and they
worked with pain they worked with would
we work with concrete we work with
whatever nature gives us old school
buses the school bus is going to be an
amazing piece one day you're going to be
able to walk into the bus spend the
night in here camp look out the windows
see people skateboarding you're going to
be able to come to the driver's seat get
on your skateboard open the door and
roll into the skatepark go into the bowl
and off you go for a good time now of
course this piece is unfinished right
now but you see it's starting to shape
up pretty well we're going to keep this
thing going all the way down the
thousand feet or so that it takes to get
there to the other skate facilities here
well this is the top of skatopia of land
and I'm planning on building an
amphitheater here we've got about a
25-acre pasture right here down here on
the bottom of this naturally-occurring
amphitheater we're getting ready to
build a stage and we're just waiting for
a little break in the weather this is
where people have been camping for the
last seven eight years
that's a little brief tour ski w the
plans were playing on doing is how
professional skateboard events here
doing a big concerts rent it out for
movie sets whatever whatever it takes to
make the museum and the skatepark the
best it can be because we want to just
keep it free among people to keep
skating here and never have to really
mess with anything like waivers and
whatever the whatnot free free skate
park so we just are trying to promote
that plans for the future unlimited
skateboarding everywhere you look so
close and I just like to say that this
is my dream you're looking at it and
it's a lot of skater to dreams and
that's why I share with everyone so get
involved what you just saw was a rolling
wheel virtual tour production by Tim
Clark hope you enjoyed the show and I
hope you work with Bruce on creating
skatopia into even more amazing place
thank you